A0: Group Google Drive Folder
============================

## Assignment Overview

The start of any group project should involve creating a shared space to store the content generated over the course of the project. In this class, we will be using Google Drive, a cloud-based file sharing tool that is provided to all faculty and students for free by the University. To prepare for the work we will complete this quarter, each team will be required to prepare their workspace within the course Google Drive.


## Assignment Details

For this assignment each team will create a directory in the class Google Drive to store and work on all assignments. The directory name should match the team name of your group. Within this directory you will create two (and only two) sub-directories, stage and final:

```

TEAMNAME
- stage
- final

```

The **`stage`** directory is where all working files that your team generates should be stored. This includes documents, spreadsheets, diagrams, and other assets. 

The **`final`** directory is where you will place completed files to be graded. This means that you will be required to give the course instructors edit permissions to this directory and _all_ materials placed within it. You can find email addresses for the instructors in the syllabus on our Canvas course page.

Edit permissionsn will allow us to leave comments directly on your work as well as provide you will a space to leave follow up comments.

### Requirements

Since this assignment is largely designed to get everyone organized and familiar with the assignment submission process, the requirements are fairly simple. Nevertheless, to receive credit for this assignment, adhere to the following steps closely:

1. Create the required directory structure described above. It doesn't matter who does completes this task, but you should all confirm that it has been completed properly.
2. Create a new document in the **`stage`** directory and name it **`TEAMNAME-assignment-0`**.
3. Edit **`TEAMNAME-assignment-0`** by adding a title with the name of your team and the names and email addresses of all team members. **Every team member** should add their information. This is how we will test the revision history while grading, so be attentive to this step!
4. When ready, move or copy the **`TEAMNAME-assignment-0`** document to the **`final`** directory. Once in place, assign **`edit`** permissions to the course instructors.

```{admonition} Important
You must do all of your work this quarter using the programs made available through Google Drive. The majority of your work will be in the form of documents and presentations. This means you will rely on Google Docs, slides, and Sheets to complete your work. We will be using the revision history feature of these programs to assess participation on an individual level. Therefore, you must be sure to take an active role in the editing process for the materials your team creates.
```

### Submitting

When your document is ready, submit a link to it on Canvas.

## Grading


