Assignment 6: Project Gantt Chart
=================================

## Assignment Introduction

As you learned in Assignment 2, the Gantt chart can be a powerful task management and visualization tool for controlling complex projects. The flexibility of the Gantt format makes it useful for practically any type of project. This assignment will provide you with the opportunity to adapt what you did in A2 to a real project...your own.

## Assignment Details

The source of input for you project Gantt chart will be the WBS document you created for A5. If you need a refresh on how a Gantt chart is assembled review the course text and the overview described in Assignment 2.

The exact way you develop your Gantt will depend on the data captured in your WBS. Since each team's WBS is going to be different, there are far less rules about __how__ to go about populating your grant. The following rubric will be used to grade your submission, so use it to guide your Gantt development.

### Assignment Rubric

1 point
: Correct use of identifiers (e.g., tasks, milestones)

1 point
: Correct us of the timeline (e.g., dates, time estimates, dependencies)

1 point
: Readability, clarity, correct formatting

1 point
: Correct listing of tasks (e.g., does the Gantt align with the WBS)

### Part 2: Preparing your Gantt Chart

You are free to use any tool you like to develop your Gantt chart. If you found the SlickGantt tool covered in class sufficient, feel free to continue using. If since completing A2, your team has settled on a new tool, then continue to use it.

As a group, create a new document in your group's **`stage`** directory and name it **`TEAMNAME-assignment-6-project_ganttchart`**. Take a screenshot or two of your Gantt Chart and add it to the beginning of the document. Some of your charts might be quite lengthy, so do your best to ensure that the chart is readable in picture format. If you have to zoom in and divide the image into multiple pictures, then do so. Just ensure that a third party (your instructors) can read it without having to zoom in and out! If you decide to use a Gantt Chart extension for Google Sheets (see below) then you should also submit a link to this document rather than create multiple screenshots.

## Submitting 

Once you have completed both parts 1 and 2, submit a link to your Google doc to the Assignment 6 page on Canvas.

Ensure that **all** course staff have been added as members of your group directory **and** have edit permissions on your documents.

## Grading

This assignment is worth 4 pts or 4 percent of your total grade. You must complete all requirements for this assignment accurately and on time to receive credit. No partial credit will given. Credit will be assigned to you as a group but removed on an individual basis for team memebrs who do not participate in the assignment.
